Add extras exercises showing bpftool and bcc (#9)
kinvolk/cloud-native-bpf-workshop: 05-Extras/README.md

installed by default on Minikube, so we will run it via a container:

```
docker run -ti --rm --privileged -v /sys/fs/bpf:/sys/fs/bpf --pid=host kinvolk/bpftool \
  bpftool map dump pinned /sys/fs/bpf/gadget/mntnsset-20200817XXXXXX-XXXXXXXXXXXX
```

As you can see, the map is currently empty: execsnoop is monitoring exactly
zero containers because none matches the label `role=extras`:
```
kubectl get pod --selector role=extras -A
```

### Adding and removing pods dynamically

So let's start a couple of pods with the `role=extras` label in other terminals:
```
kubectl run --rm -ti --restart=Never --image ubuntu --labels="app=shell,role=extras" shell -- bash
kubectl run --rm -ti --restart=Never --image ubuntu --labels="app=shell2,role=extras" shell2 -- bash
```

And a third pod without this `role=extras` label:
```
kubectl run --rm -ti --restart=Never --image ubuntu --labels="app=shell3,role=none" shell3 -- bash
```

Running the same `bpftool` command as before should now see that the BPF
map contains the two containers that have the requested label.

Inspektor Gadget identifies the container with the mount namespace id. You

> can get the mount namespace id of one of the shell pods with the following
> commands:

Author: ```suggestion
can get the mount namespace id of one of the containers by looking at
`/proc/self/ns/mnt` inside the container. The following commands must be executed
in the container (reusing the terminal where you run `kubectl run` or using
`kubectl exec`):
```

```
readlink /proc/self/ns/mnt

> printf '%016x' $(stat -Lc '%i' /proc/self/ns/mnt) | sed 's/.\{2\}/&\n/g' | tac | xargs echo

Reviewer: Where should this commands be run? Inside the container? Maybe add an explanation about that first?

kubectl run --rm -ti --restart=Never --image ubuntu --labels="app=shell,role=extras" shell -- bash
kubectl run --rm -ti --restart=Never --image ubuntu --labels="app=shell2,role=extras" shell2 -- bash
```

And a third pod without this `role=extras` label:
```

> kubectl run --rm -ti --restart=Never --image ubuntu --labels="app=shell2,role=none" shell3 -- bash

Author: ```suggestion
kubectl run --rm -ti --restart=Never --image ubuntu --labels="app=shell3,role=none" shell3 -- bash
```
